Well have brought all the textures in for the walls just to see how they look here and they're looking
pretty good.
Let's test this now and take it into unity and just see how it looks.
So now we already have the walls over here in Unity right.
I just U-V mapped and applied the textures to these three walls here.
Living room left windows and back here are the models that we've brought in the FBI X Files that we've
brought in if we take a look at this and look at say one of the walls say living back right here.
We can't just delete this out of here if I right click on this and hit delete.
Nothing happens right.
We can't get rid of this per se this is all one object.
This is all one file we could if we wanted to come in here and select an individual wall up in the hierarchy
and we could delete this if we wanted to and then bring it back in individually but it would be a different
FDX file.
I think what I'm going to do is just export it out and overwrite this with the new versions of the objects.
So back in Blender I will select the layer that has just the walls on it so I can just hit a and select
everything.
I'll then come up here to file export FDX selected objects only.
This time I will browse right into that model's folder and all exported out right over that existing
walls FDX Let's see what happens I'll hit export.
And there we go.
Let's go take a look.
So here in the unity project here is that was FDX that we just imported in.
But here's the question is that the one that we imported or is it the old one.
Only one way to find out is to bring in our textures and see if they fit.
So let's go to our textures folder and I will right click and choose.
Important new asset.
And let's go to that textures folder in our project.
Jews the walls.
And here it is.
Walls.
Paper.
See right here.
Let's see how it works.
Import.
Now if we select one of our walls right here and this is the back I'll bring that white level all the
way up to pure white and I'll take the color map and drag it into the Al-Bayda.
And sure enough that's the one.
So now we can go ahead and do these other walls as well.
How about the living room left.
Drop that in and how about over here the one with the windows
increase that to white and drag that in.
So there we go.
So what have we done here what have we what have we learned.
Well what I'm trying to do is go through several different processes for texturing and arranging your
materials and your U-V maps.
We've talked about several different methods of doing that.
We've looked at using a repeatable texture directly in unity when we first began texturing the couch.
We've looked at exporting out U.V. maps to photoshop and layering our textures over that with the couch
we brought it in with two objects and material for each of the objects with the coffee table we brought
in one object to materials applied to that one object.
We did the same thing with the walls but we put the U-V islands of separate objects all on one U-V map
so you can see there are a lot of ways to organize and export your objects with their materials and
with the textures.
And remember we also export it out of Blender using Virtex colors so that a program like substance painter
can see those different areas as individual materials.
So we've actually covered quite a lot here now that we know this is going to work.
Let's go back to photoshop and clean up our U-V map here in Photoshop I can select that U-V layer go
to my magic wand tool with the W key or clicking right over here selecting Schiff's select this area
maybe and maybe shift select these areas in here with doors and the windows.
And now if we take all of these layers here I'm going to Allt and click and drag these.
So they duplicate.
Now I'm going to press control or command e.
So they all merge down into one.
And these.
Now I can put in a group call it say originals and hide that with those various selected.
I'll go ahead and contract the selection a bit by going to select modify contract and are contracted
by two frames.
Let's say there we go just to give you the islands a little bit of breathing room and I'll go back to
this merged layer and hit the delete key and we can go ahead and add a new layer and drag it down to
the bottom.
Make sure we've got black over here.
Go to the paint bucket.
I'm going to de-select everything I'm going to pest control or command d to de-select everything and
then I'm going to paint in here so it paints the whole layer.
And now I can turn off the movies and there is the map we can export this out by going to file export
Export as.
And let's go ahead and put it in the unity project in the assets folder and right in that textures folder
Here's that walls color map so we'll just overwrite that completely export and replace.
And now if we go back to unity there it is and it's applied to our objects.
So in the next few videos I will be just cranking out more assets more objects to go in our scene here
and using the same processes that we've already used.
So hopefully if you have any questions or something wasn't particularly clear you'll see it done again
and it'll begin to click.
So let's keep on moving.